README.md, before:

# Advent of Code 2015

This repo contains all of my solutions for the [Advent of Code 2015](https://adventofcode.com/2015) challenges.

## Installation

Clone the repo and go to the created folder:

```
git clone https://github.com/NewCeptionDev/AdventOfCode2015.git
```

```
cd AdventOfCode2015
```

Install dependencies:

```
npm i
```


## Run

```
npm start day<N>
```


## Languages used:

- TypeScript

## Repositories for other years of Advent of Code
I have participated in multiple years of Advent of Code, using multiple languages.<br>
You can find all of my solution repositories [here](https://github.com/NewCeptionDev?tab=repositories&q=AdventOfCode&type=&language=&sort=).

<br>
<br>

## Template

This Repository uses a [Typescript Template](https://github.com/NewCeptionDev/AdventOfCodeTemplate-for-TS) based on a Template from caderek found [here](https://github.com/caderek/aoc-starter-ts). <br>
It provides zero-setup environment for challenges, with:

- automatic creation of a challenge template,
- automatic execution of a challenge code (with reloads),
- quick utils for testing and reading input from a file.

Commit message:

Updated Readme to include Information about input.txt

README.md, after:

# Advent of Code 2015

This repo contains all of my solutions for the [Advent of Code 2015](https://adventofcode.com/2015) challenges.

## Installation

Clone the repo and go to the created folder:

```
git clone https://github.com/NewCeptionDev/AdventOfCode2015.git
```

```
cd AdventOfCode2015
```

Install dependencies:

```
npm i
```


## Run
Add a ***input.txt*** file to the folder and copy your input to that file.<br>
Afterwards start the program with
```
npm start day<N>
```


## Languages used:

- TypeScript

## Repositories for other years of Advent of Code
I have participated in multiple years of Advent of Code, using multiple languages.<br>
You can find all of my solution repositories [here](https://github.com/NewCeptionDev?tab=repositories&q=AdventOfCode&type=&language=&sort=).

<br>
<br>

## Template

This Repository uses a [Typescript Template](https://github.com/NewCeptionDev/AdventOfCodeTemplate-for-TS) based on a Template from caderek found [here](https://github.com/caderek/aoc-starter-ts). <br>
It provides zero-setup environment for challenges, with:

- automatic creation of a challenge template,
- automatic execution of a challenge code (with reloads),
- quick utils for testing and reading input from a file.
